add tracing to ATC (#5043)
concourse/concourse: release-notes/latest.md

#### <sub><sup><a name="4938" href="#4938">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature

* Include job label in build duration metrics exported to Prometheus. #4976

#### <sub><sup><a name="4607" href="#4607">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature

* Add experimental support for exposing traces to [Jaeger] or [Stackdriver].

> With this feature enaled (via `--tracing-(jaeger|stackdriver)-*` variables in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this feature enabled (via `--tracing-(jaeger|stackdriver)-*` flags in
```
